# Capture Data Management

This repository stores the code associated with managing capture data. Code numbered 0+ are intended to be run sequentially as the data are available for processing. Code numbered 99 are stored for longetivity, but are intended to only be run once to address a specific issue or run as needed, depending on the intent of the code.

The data management processing code is as follows:
* **Capture_01_AssignEvent_AfterSampleResultsImported.txt** - used to assign capture sample results to capture event data in the DB after new sample results are imported into the DB; this code is run in PGAdmin
* **Capture_99_BatchAssignSampleTypes2Results.txt** - one-time code to assign sample results to the sample type that was processed; this work was completed in December 2024 to make all data consistent with the new approach for storing capture results data; there was a bit of QA/QC that was also completed as part of this effort and the code for these changes are stored in this file, as well

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an ‘as is’ basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.